In this section, your spring boot application will communicate with an SQL database in workbooks.
9.1 to 9.3.
We're just going to start by preparing the rest end points.
Once we do that, you will create, retrieve and delete entities using spring JPA.
Then you will set up a bidirectional one to many relationship between student and grades.
And once again for extra practice you will set up a bidirectional one to many relationship between course
and grades.
And then in your final challenge, you will set up a many to many relationship between students and
courses.
This section covers a lot of ground and by the end you will become comfortable communicating with an
SQL database through your Spring Boot app.